Coordinated disclosure: some consideration for admins that are up to date with mainteinance (#8425)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/developer/source/policies/security.rst

  1. The reported vulnerability has been verified by working with the geoserver-security list
  2. GitHub `security advisory <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/security>`_ is used to reserve a CVE number
  3. A fix or documentation clarification is accepted and backported to both the "stable" and "maintenance" branches

>   4. A fix is included for the "stable" and "maintenance" downloads (`released as scheduled <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/wiki/Release-Schedule>`__, or issued via emergency update). If the disclosure happens when issuing a ".0" release, please allow a few extra months for those that are up to date to the old maintenance, but have not yet jumped to the new maintenance (that was stable just before the new .0 release).

Author: It's one way to give people more time, I'm open to discussion, I just balked at your interpretation of the rule as "oh, 2.25.3 is becoming maintenance today so we can disclose right away" (and/or just give them a month).

>   4. A fix is included for the "stable" and "maintenance" downloads (`released as scheduled <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/wiki/Release-Schedule>`__, or issued via emergency update). If the disclosure happens when issuing a ".0" release, please allow a few extra months for those that are up to date to the old maintenance, but have not yet jumped to the new maintenance (that was stable just before the new .0 release).
>   5. The CVE vulnerability is published with mitigation and patch instructions
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  4. A fix is included for the "stable" and "maintenance" downloads (`released as scheduled <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/wiki/Release-Schedule>`__).
     
     For an urgent vulnerability both "stable" and "maintenance" may be issued concurrently via an emergency update rather than following the expected schedule.

  5. The CVE vulnerability is published with mitigation and patch instructions once everyone has had an opportunity to update.
     
     In practice this means that a batch of issues are disclosed alongside each initial release. Be considerate of those following at a slower paced maintenance release schedule, when two stable releases are made in a road it may be up to three months until they have a maintenance release to update to!
     
     For an urgent vulnerability where stable and maintenance have both been issued the blog post should indicate when disclosure is expected (example "everyone has two weeks until public disclosure").
```

Author: "when two stable releases are made in a road"? :-D

  2. GitHub `security advisory <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/security>`_ is used to reserve a CVE number
  3. A fix or documentation clarification is accepted and backported to both the "stable" and "maintenance" branches
  4. A fix is included for the "stable" and "maintenance" downloads (`released as scheduled <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver/wiki/Release-Schedule>`__, or issued via emergency update)

>   5. The CVE vulnerability is published with mitigation and patch instruction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  5. The CVE vulnerability is published with mitigation and patch instructions
```
